Replaced laminas-mail with symfony/mailer (#65)
dotkernel/dot-mail: docs/book/v5/configuration.md

# Configuration

Register `dot-mail` in you project by adding `Dot\Mail\ConfigProvider::class` to your configuration aggregator (to `config/config.php` for example).

> After registering the `ConfigProvider` load the configuration file (`config/mail.global.php.dist`) by removing it's `.dist` extension and adding it to the `config/autoload` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After registering the `ConfigProvider` copy the configuration file `config/mail.global.php.dist` into your project's `config/autoload/` directory as `mail.global.php`.
```

Many of these options can be programmatically set when sending the actual email.

An example of this is the `dot-mail.default.message_options` key, which can be filled in with default message values to be available to all emails.
When sending the actual email, these values can be overwritten by using an available "setter" function, supplemented by using "add" functions or simply left as the default.

```php
// setter will overwrite existing destination email
$this->mailService->getMessage()->setTo("receiver@email.com");

// existing destination email kept, new destination email added alongside it
$this->mailService->getMessage()->addTo("receiver@email.com");
```

## Transport configuration

`dot-mail` uses the `transport` key under the main `dot_mail` configuration key to select the email transport.
It has four email transport classes available by default (`SmtpTransport`), one of which is to be added under the `dot_mail.transport` key for use.

Sending email with the `Smtp` transport requires valid data for the values under `dot-mail.default.smtp_options`, which is only used in this case.

> - Note: the configured path must be a writable directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The configured path must be a writable directory
```

```php
'file_options' => [

>         'path' => 'data/mail/output',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'path' => 'data/mail/output',
```

>         //'callback' => null,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    //'callback' => null,
```
